well we are wrapping up the third day of
roads group stage with coverage
presented by you GG I'm joined right now
by being as well as Monson who's gonna
help translate being talk to me a little
bit about RNG right now because it feels
like you guys are on a rampage why do
you think you're having so much success
orange its mobile I'm you know yeah was
on to be more my joke on entire journey
tonight it's a how about you go get him
but I don't think we're that good
actually maybe just we're performing
we're performing good was it mean for
you to have previously played with Ning
and now have to face off against him in
a different team way tiny niche
everything that you got nice and any
running but I go to and you can also do
its own you know so much and I know so
many human sciences has no woman has a
man catching them I know he's awaiting
as they will show you the hot dogs we
cannot in you know hot to immigrants eg
dope and with my dad about you yeah so
they were on the same team who I am
and they fell to make into LPL multiple
times right now both of them major world
so like both of them are really happy
for each other and they hope like name
will perform his best as well as he will
try to perform his best at Worlds are
you able to talk to each other and maybe
discuss the different teams or do you
just completely silenced with each other
until maybe you meet each other in the
games name Jeff was Amanda jolly all my
journeyman out he knock over a few
aliens and Cyrus warned him a few
dollars has so far oh she was a few of
you said some damn you don't wait him on
the thing has acquitted them on it's all
put on doing once we do that we tend our
team and order so we do meet up or catch
up when we see each other in any you
know LPI or in tournaments however we
want sure each other strategy or
anything now being I want to ask you
about something because earlier outside
I was talking to Candace souchong and
she mentioned that you have helped
create a meme around her where you call
her aunty why did you do this I use all
the other so so you song someone you get
actually go ha
a year so when we smell get actually
well she doesn't use that's essential
advance economic Joe is a disease don't
see no John Lucas also I know a delta G
far away by certain the Godzilla
watching
yeah but don't get a cheat about you and
I own you
alright so it was a joke actually they
were on a bus and Candace want him to
call him you know little sister or
something in China yeah but but he just
want to talk about it and caught her
aunty
however it's each Candice herself that
actually posted it on Weibo and got
viral so he think it's not his fault
yeah she claimed to me that you called
her it on social media that this was
something that you had done on social
media so I don't know why she's telling
me this but you say it's not your fault
house wasn't me father wait Bob we
should put it how far away boy oh hi yes
sir or she semi-open ha I hope this is
Jenna I know that you have an opinion I
doesn't usually much I just has done
what I you know so so now that you said
that he saw that maybe he commented on
her way bow so that got viral but you
know he still believed kind of still
look like an auntie to him at least she
didn't seem happy about that so I don't
know what do you think
orangy chances are of winning this whole
thing because it feels like it is your
tournament right now na na ho anyways
dark and shiny machetes witch hunt
mm-hmm Kanchana Jesus anymore you can
just reach her mother she's out there we
had to munch on DiMaggio home in the
heart Joe coming I do to Americans women
now have concerns with either so p7o
home in Doha they can't see it was on
her tell them to Mohammed Al hawa title
search engines use an attack on you in
about so even though they are like
undefeated looking promising but
actually and you know all the teams are
pretty good
you can't tell yet so they were just
tried their best to know keep up the
came up at their shape and try to
good there are a lot of teams that are
you know contested for a championship
this year
all right so the last question right now
at this tournament I feel like riot and
the broadcast they have tried to make
Izzy seem like an untouchable god
but I'm sure you know how much of a
human he is so maybe you might have a
funny story or something to share with
the western audience about Izzy so that
they know that he's not a god
she's acronym eighties and gentleman
found and then Toba usually down to a
Johnson but that's what really has a
same potential not on you anyhoo I'll
use a chance Willoughby outdoors when
engage without her be up food on anemia
your most important young don't shake
chiffon Oquendo and furniture company o
Hadouken
judai down beside so help engineers or
do we have any no happiness in didn't
take how much I was hungry I know what
vomiting or Yahoo I don't know about you
she was on a shipment oh ho ho yeah so
you that was actually quite loud during
practice or you know backstage in their
room with doing screams he would like
you know sing songs and make like
doffing type of you know voice yeah so
actually you know relief the stress for
an entire team yeah good well hey thank
you so much meaning for the interview
went Thank You Winston for translating
for everyone else you can check out the
rest my coverage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel you
know what's interesting about vending
machines it just makes me think a lot
about the choices that we make in our
life you know you're you're presented
with an option where you put some sort
of resource in and then you're able to
acquire something and there's just rows
and rows it's just it's so similar life
the different selections that you can
make and also kind of reminds me of
champion select and you're never sure if
you're gonna be able to make the right
selection here but you could be sure you
never make the wrong selection and
champion select if you use you Gigi our
sponsor that's right you just click that
link below the video you go over there
you type in a champion name you'll learn
all about them you'll never lose champ
select again and then you'll just be
venturing out wins
like you could just put some money in a
machine and then you get the wind says
you dodgy cheats free they're our
sponsor support them